## Minutes: Tuesday, January 10th, 2023

**Attendees (by Discord handle)**

* Adam Dean
* Anita Jovic
* Chris Ray
* Tan
* waalge
* ChrisBrov
* mkungla
* Jonathan777

### Minutes ###

#### Previous Minutes Review ####

#### New Business ####

**Purpose/Mission Statement for Working Group**

- Chris Brov: Elevator Pitch for Purpose Statement

- waalge: Plutus dev, no strong opinion, mostly an observer

- Tan: Agreement with waalge

- Chris Ray: Interested in developing a cohesive terminology, education of users, what is a bridge, what is an L2, etc

- Chris Brov: Lots of work to be done on education of the nuance of technology and onboarding users, not enough done via education

- Adam: Agree with education being a huge part of the goal of the working group

**What is the best communication method for working collaboratively?**

- Chris Brov: GitHub is an obvious option for solutions that need to be auditable
- Chris Brov: Head of Product for Sidechains at IOG, team will be releasing documentation, sidechains are a large focus of community and IOG going forward

- Adam: agrees with auditability of GitHub. Use issues to cover over-arching action items and then be a point of reference for impromptu discussions on Discord

**Glossary of Terms/Definitions**

- Adam: Glossary of Terms and Mission Statement to be first two action items

- mkungla: First time attending, asks questions r.e. communications channels and agendas

- Anita: reminder that meetings happen bi-weekly, action items on who can contribute to which topics


#### Other New Business ####

Tan: Working group mission has expanded and grown over the past several months. What is a Cardano Project working on each sector? (Sidechain, bridge, L2).

Chris Ray: How the bridges today will inform the bridges tomorrow. Coming in to Cardano is a pretty big feat. Rosen Bridge, how would the Cardano Community best describe the Rosen Bridge and what is going on? https://github.com/mhssamadani/RosenBridge. Works with ErgoLend, have worked with a Cardano Community Membmer over the past year. Not necessarily building a bridge, building a tool to be used peer to peer. Strong interest in connecting communities and bringing them together for good.

What are the inherent risks on one side or the other of a bridge and how do we explain that to someone who has only been on one side of the bridge?

How do we create interoperative terminology and standards? i.e. what does "locking on ADA === Ergo"?

Mkungla: Building a Layer 1 primarily focused on bridging other chains. The working group is necessary to bootstrap standardization and bringing in other communities.

Adam: Reiterate that meeting is being recorded, welcome new members, agree that bridging terminology is important.


### Action Items: ###
- Publish meeting minutes (Adam)
- Kick-start GitHub issues discussion for Purpose Statement and Glossary of Terms (Adam)
- Chris Ray reach out to Spectrum Finanace, AnetaBTC, and other known contacts who could be beneficial to join the discussion
- Chris Ray: Spectrum Finance, L2 bridging dex on Ergo + Cardano, would probably be open to come in and discuss pain points and their experience to date. AnetaBTC planning to use the RosenBridge. Also attempting to use a bridge to the Algorand ecosystem. Padeja (sp?) planning to finish their building on Ergo side and begin working on the Cardano side. Bringing others in and having better discussions around what a guardian, watcher, or locking looks like on either side of the bridge will be better for the growth of the overall interperability ecosystem.

**Next meeting January 24th, 2023 @ 08:00 MST**

Thanks and adjournment